[OCPBUGS-18481] Add workaround required for BM workers with OSP on 4.11 (#66421)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-osp-deploying-bare-metal-machines.adoc

* If you want to deploy the machines on an installer-provisioned network, the {rh-openstack} Bare Metal service (Ironic) is able to listen for and interact with Preboot eXecution Environment (PXE) boot machines that run on tenant networks.

> * To workaround link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2213862[known issue] in {rh-openstack}, customer has to include `force_metadata=False` in neutron-dhcp-agent configuration to enable nodes to access the metadata service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Due to a link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2213862[known issue] in {rh-openstack}, to give nodes access to the metadata service, you must set the value of `force_metadata` to `False` in the Neutron DHCP agent configuration.
```
